[NL-to-ESQL] update internal documentation (#205853)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/inference/server/tasks/nl_to_esql/esql_docs/esql-byte_length.txt

# BYTE_LENGTH

This function calculates the byte length of a given string.

## Syntax

`BYTE_LENGTH(string)`

### Parameters

#### string

The text string for which the byte length is to be determined. If `null` is provided, the function will return `null`.

## Examples

> Following is an example of how BYTE_LENGTH is implemented in an ES|QL query:

Reviewer: in `x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/inference/server/tasks/nl_to_esql/esql_docs/esql-bit_length.txt`, this preamble had a different format:

> In the below example, the `BIT_LENGTH` function is used to calculate the bit length of the 'city' field from the 'airports' index where the 'country' is "India".

Is there a reason this one is different?

```suggestion
In the below example the `BYTE_LENGTH` function is used to calculate the byte length of the 'city' field from the 'airports' index where the country is "India".
```

Also, we're using all the quotation types in these sentences - is that intentional?

Author: > Is there a reason this one is different?

Just different generations, the page rewriting is not as strict as I'd like it to

> We're using all the quotation types in these sentences - is that intentional?

No, but they kinda make sense 😄 `` for func name, '' for field name and "" for string values.
